README.asciidoc, before:

centreon-install
================

Centreon autoinstall for Debian (with centreon-engine)

Tested on Debian Wheezy and Jessie

Now enjoy the new Centreon Web 2.7 interface :)

== Versions
- CLIB_VER='1.4.2'
- CONNECTOR_VER='1.1.2'
- ENGINE_VER='1.5.0'
- PLUGIN_VER='2.1.1'
- BROKER_VER='2.11.0'
- CENTREON_VER='2.7.1'
- CLAPI_VER='1.8.0'     *# Not installed anymore (embedded with Centreon Web).* 
- NAGVIS_MOD_VER='1.1.1'

- MARIADB_VER='10.1'

- WIDGET_HOST_VER='1.4.0'
- WIDGET_HOSTGROUP_VER='1.3.0'
- WIDGET_SERVICE_VER='1.4.0'
- WIDGET_SERVICEGROUP_VER='1.3.0'
- WIDGET_GRAPH_VER='1.3.0'
- WIDGET_TOP10_CPU_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_TOP10_MEM_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_ENGINE_STATUS_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_GRID_MAP_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_HTTP_LOADER_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_TACTICAL_OVERVIEW_VER='1.0.0'

== Temp and install directories

- DL_DIR="/usr/local/src"
- INSTALL_DIR="/usr/local"

== Users, groups and passwords

- MYSQL_PASSWORD="YOUR_PASSWORD"     *# Better to update it to something more difficult.*
- ENGINE_USER='centreon-engine'
- ENGINE_GROUP='centreon-engine'
- BROKER_USER='centreon-broker'
- BROKER_GROUP='centreon-broker'
- CENTREON_USER='centreon'
- CENTREON_GROUP='centreon'

== Usage

Change your vars at the beginning of the script

----
sudo ./centreon.sh
----

http://localhost/centreon/

== Complete the web wizard install

|===
| Monitoring engine                        | centreon-engine
| Centreon Engine directory                | /usr/local/centreon-engine
| Centreon Engine Stats binary             | /usr/local/centreon-engine/bin/centenginestats
| Centreon Engine var lib directory        | /var/lib/centreon-engine
| Centreon Engine Connector path           | /usr/local/centreon-connector
| Centreon Engine Library (*.so) directory | /usr/local/centreon-engine/lib/centreon-engine
| Embedded Perl initialisation file        |
|===

== Broker Module Information

|===
|Broker Module                        | centreon-broker
|Centreon Broker etc directory        | /usr/local/centreon-broker/etc
|Centreon Broker module (cbmod.so)    | /usr/local/centreon-broker/lib/cbmod.so
|Centreon Broker log directory        | /var/log/centreon-broker
|Retention file directory             | /var/lib/centreon-broker
|Centreon Broker lib (*.so) directory | /usr/local/centreon-broker/lib/centreon-broker
|===

=== After the web wizard

.Restart cbd
----
service cbd restart
----

== Vagrant

----
vagrant up
----

And open your web brower to http://127.0.0.1:8080/centreon/

Commit message:

Updated to add latest features

README.asciidoc, after:

centreon-install
================

Centreon autoinstall for Debian (with centreon-engine)

Tested on Debian Wheezy and Jessie

Now enjoy the new Centreon Web 2.7 interface :)

Added latest widgets (Live Top 10 CPU, Live Top 10 Memory, Engine Status, Grid Map, HTTP-Loader and tactical overview)

The initial web wizard is now filled with the correct values, no more change is needed.

Work perfectly in case of upgrade, just rerun this script (don't forget to update your mysql root password in parameter MYSQL_PASSWORD).

== Versions
- CLIB_VER='1.4.2'
- CONNECTOR_VER='1.1.2'
- ENGINE_VER='1.5.0'
- PLUGIN_VER='2.1.1'
- BROKER_VER='2.11.0'
- CENTREON_VER='2.7.1'
- CLAPI_VER='1.8.0'     *# Not installed anymore (embedded with Centreon Web).* 
- NAGVIS_MOD_VER='1.1.1'

- MARIADB_VER='10.1'

- WIDGET_HOST_VER='1.4.0'
- WIDGET_HOSTGROUP_VER='1.3.0'
- WIDGET_SERVICE_VER='1.4.0'
- WIDGET_SERVICEGROUP_VER='1.3.0'
- WIDGET_GRAPH_VER='1.3.0'
- WIDGET_TOP10_CPU_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_TOP10_MEM_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_ENGINE_STATUS_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_GRID_MAP_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_HTTP_LOADER_VER='1.0.0'
- WIDGET_TACTICAL_OVERVIEW_VER='1.0.0'

== Temp and install directories

- DL_DIR="/usr/local/src"
- INSTALL_DIR="/usr/local"

== Users, groups and passwords

- MYSQL_PASSWORD="YOUR_PASSWORD"     *# Better to update it to something more difficult.*
- ENGINE_USER='centreon-engine'
- ENGINE_GROUP='centreon-engine'
- BROKER_USER='centreon-broker'
- BROKER_GROUP='centreon-broker'
- CENTREON_USER='centreon'
- CENTREON_GROUP='centreon'

== Usage

Change your vars at the beginning of the script

----
sudo ./centreon.sh
----

http://localhost/centreon/

== Complete the web wizard install (prefilled with correct values now)

|===
| Monitoring engine                        | centreon-engine
| Centreon Engine directory                | /usr/local/centreon-engine
| Centreon Engine Stats binary             | /usr/local/centreon-engine/bin/centenginestats
| Centreon Engine var lib directory        | /var/lib/centreon-engine
| Centreon Engine Connector path           | /usr/local/centreon-connector
| Centreon Engine Library (*.so) directory | /usr/local/centreon-engine/lib/centreon-engine
| Embedded Perl initialisation file        |
|===

== Broker Module Information

|===
|Broker Module                        | centreon-broker
|Centreon Broker etc directory        | /usr/local/centreon-broker/etc
|Centreon Broker module (cbmod.so)    | /usr/local/centreon-broker/lib/cbmod.so
|Centreon Broker log directory        | /var/log/centreon-broker
|Retention file directory             | /var/lib/centreon-broker
|Centreon Broker lib (*.so) directory | /usr/local/centreon-broker/lib/centreon-broker
|===

=== After the web wizard

Restart cbd
----
service cbd restart
----

== Vagrant

----
vagrant up
----

And open your web brower to http://127.0.0.1:8080/centreon/
